{"items": [{"Breed": "Labrador Retriever", "Information": "These dogs are patient, affectionate and very loyal. Labrador Retriever are friendly with children which makes them a great pet dog."}, {"Breed": "Shiba Inu", "Information": "These dogs are known for their spirited personality, small upright ears, and cat-like agility. Today they serve primarily as companion dogs in Japan and the United States."}, {"Breed": "Weimaraner", "Information": "Originally bred as a gundog to handle big game like deer and bear, the “Silver Ghost” was a highly sought-after dog breed in its native Germany. Today, these elegant but demanding dogs can still be found out on the hunting grounds, but can also make a fine family friend if well exercised.", {"Breed": "Siberian Husky", "Information": "The Siberian Husky is a beautiful dog breed with a thick coat that comes in a multitude of colors and markings. Their blue or multi-colored eyes and striking facial masks only add to the appeal of this breed, which originated in Siberia. It is easy to see why many are drawn to the Siberian’s wolf-like looks, but be aware that this athletic, intelligent dog can be independent and challenging for first-time dog owners. Huskies also put the “H” in Houdini and need a fenced yard that is sunk in the ground to prevent escapes."}, {"Breed": "Newfoundland", "Information": "The Newfoundland is a large, strong dog breed from — wait for it — Newfoundland. He was originally used as a working dog to pull nets for fishermen and haul wood from the forest. He is a capable and hardworking dog, well suited to work on land or water. He is a strong swimmer and equally strong “pack horse.” Sweet-natured and responsive, he makes a wonderful family companion as well."}, {"Breed": "Cane Corso", "Information": "This old Italian dog breed was developed to guard property and hunt big game such as wild boar. He is powerful and athletic and is best suited to an experienced owner who has a large, securely fenced yard."}, {"Breed": "Yourkshire Terier", "Information": "Small in size but big in personality, the Yorkshire Terrier makes a feisty but loving companion. The most popular toy dog breed in the U.S., the “Yorkie” has won many fans with his devotion to his owners, his elegant looks, and his suitability to apartment living."}, {"Breed": "Hungarian Vyzhla", "Information": "Created in Hungary to work as a pointer and retriever, the Vyzhla dog breed has an aristocratic bearing. All he really wants, though, is to be loved. He’s a super companion for an active family who can provide him with the exercise and attention he craves."}, {"Breed":"Australian Cattle Dog", "Information": "The Australian Cattle Dog is an extremely intelligent, active, and sturdy dog breed. Developed by Australian settlers to handle herds of cattle on expansive ranches, he’s still used today as a herding dog. He thrives on having a job to do and on being part of all family activities. He is loyal and protective of his family, though wary of outsiders. Besides herding work, the Australian Cattle dog does well at canine sports, including agility, obedience, rally, flyball, and flying disc competitions."}]}